I told you to drop your fucking head
shit if you had listened
you do not know a poor priest
is the family well hello to all and
nam rp i hope you all go very
well
yeah it's okay me his flawless voice
it's going flawless so I hope you
also listen today I 'm doing you
a very quick video announcement
very short very precise finally we're going
try so the last video I you
I had claude finally in the penultimate
since the last one was a little
mounting the girl
but just before I offered you
a little video where I will
offer batum and clips you can
download on mediafire so this
either clips of cinematics finally
Here there are about 5 type gigas
download in four what to do and in
followed up on that and I received a lot
messages from people who have
so interested in my clips that
wanted to do 1-1 and said finally on
to test stuff on it and that's it
received messages from people who
wanted to send me the message
fall but the message during editing
so that I can give my opinion or
that this is it
legal brothels these brothels to sum up
so I'm completely on the hook
here I was really not expecting
so many quayside stakes which
is as many people who download
my clips but if it works well that you
liked you many to want you
to launch in editing so frankly
it's really fun and so following
a suggestion from a very dear machado
on facebook and who is so who has me
asked what told me yes it would not be
badly that you organize some kind of top 5
or a top 10 zenith made at
from clip bays
and ben it's true it's not a
bad idea especially as it is
as I told him where I think you
will be many to make small
things on my clips and so suddenly
that's just a little fun
to share a little bit my channel on
will say that like that
well here I am going to organize at table 5
is said or a top 10 it will depend on the
number of people who participate so
d edith made from my clips
so that's it and so if that's it
Please I think in the future I
will not do well then it will not be all
weeks but from time to time
small of the top 5 or the top 10 is said
but against there from others who
what disassembly as you want with
clips of anyone finally that's it
after i'm thinking of doing some stuff a little
little more than the borie story of you
share a little more my channel
and that's the passion of the East says it all
it
so we're not there yet so for
the moment here it's going to be a top 5 so
say on my clips a game
I make it clear because otherwise it's seen
we started shooting after that
to be big brothel so we will enunciate
some small rules meringue well
naughty so basically what I'm you
request this is at least one is said to
minimum 45 seconds you use at
minus three different clips so that
can be a single clip with two
cutscenes that go with this game
I envy you ask not much more
it's better I want you
to say I'm rather greedy so more
here is better here to use a
music not copyright obviously because
that if not if you said I like you
and which is part of the top 5
if there is a copyright music I do not
may unfortunately not broadcast it on my
chain obviously told you I'm going
pass them on my channel maybe not
in full I do not know yet how
I 'm going to clean up with all this
but this fund must be avoided as much as possible
music copyright
this is in fact one year deadline jamie
because I made an announcement first
on facebook and so I gave like
date December 1st
so that did not seem to shock
big world
so if you ever think it's
too few do not hesitate to tell me
and the same if for example you see that
I know that I November 29
you will not be ready in time you
see me a little message telling me
here I am three days late
there is no problem at home
I also take us latecomers
here you go
December 1 to offer me a small
a small montage without no so you
do exactly what you want a
do not feel particularly obliged to
do something to do like me
I do not like saying that because it
does the guy you have is good I'm not the
guy a cat but as normal what but
here you edit frankly as you
want with your style it can be
the arcor it can be dubstep it can
to be electro it can be epic
it can be anything
I will not judge the style by
report to mine here it is really
I will judge the lady time as it is
if they please me if he touches me so here
you see a little bit the idea so
frankly you do what you do
want if you want to put some
replicas put replicas if you
want by m
no but you're not there is no problem
on it the only thing that I you
request is to avoid as much as possible
dutil if possible for example you
want to put replicas to use
replicas that I have already used
in a montage for example you can
in me it's not I have not I'm not shouting
to plagiarism at the age machine but that's
just for me since in a lot who
ask me to judge their assembly and
they use music I used
with the same replicas and that's right
that for me it's pretty delicate of
judge montages like that because
necessarily I compare to I compare to
mine so you see it's really not
obvious so here is basically
you do what you want you
do really say that you
want and see you on December 1st
well that we will close his and then some
maybe a fortnight later I get you
will do a video where I will introduce you
so the said them that kim in my opinion
so they will please me the most so
so that's good I'm doing it's a little
little to rage so guys like I
said on facebook I'm sorry but
I have no gift to offer
really not a thing
here I have no tuner guys I you the
say I have no money 1 we do with this
that we have
here we do it to have fun if I
can you do a little pub I will you
will do with great pleasure
but those voices I'm really that
to share a little more
with you that passion she
editing and then for once
it's you who will work and it's me
who goes that is a cold here a little
the idea so listen do you pleasure
Here I think I've said all along
to send me your editing here
I was going to forget because now we
can no longer send the videos you know
in video commentary so you send me
a private message on on youtube with
as the title of the message top
edit lmrp it's just the story that me
I find myself in my messages that I
Am I sure not to go to
side of a montage because it would make me
shit anyway and see since here
how we have a lot of messages it's
not always obvious so here so if
all messages with montages have
same title it will be much easier
for me
and here I think I have said everything so
you have questions do not hesitate to
ask them
I think you noticed that I
respond frequently or to comments
by the comments space is a little there
for that 1
I want to say that it's all
for the moment so on this listen and
wear them well
create create guys create it as needed
guys and girls it's open to
everybody even to animals years ago
animals that know how to tease who
knew how to say and make fun
I take everything and so listen to these
voice there it's really for fun
to share a little more
my channel with you and all that is
and so listen
I think I 've said everything about this
learn how to pass you good
holidays for those who are on vacation
good luck to those who type good
courage to those who seek a taf
also because it's shit
Anyway, whatever is full of
kisses by ciao bye
we said good it was the finish
him we went all the people
ag